#Network Project_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________##How to Run:In my project, I finally get server.java, Upload.java, Download.java and client1.java-client5.java to solve the problem. And I use Eclipse to run the project.1. Open eclipse, and import the projects, and compile the project. 2. Run the server.class, you will be asked to input the file name.3. and then run the client.class one by one. PS. You can also run the project in cmd. Go to server folder, type java Server, input file name, open other cmds, go to client folder, type java Client, until 5 clients all run.config.txt is the setup of port number of all server and clients. First row is the port number of server listening, the second row is the port number of client listening, and the third row is the port number of client’s neighbors’ port number._____________________________________________________________________________________________________________##Report the results:After running server.class, I get all the chunks of the initial file. And then all clients will get their own chunk file from the server. Then clients will upload and download chunks with their neighbors until they get all the chunks to merge into the initial file._____________________________________________________________________________________________________________##Solutions：Server splits the initial file into different chunks and save them to the file path. Then it is listening to the port 5555, until clients connect to the server. Once the server gets one connection, server will create a thread to send the appropriate chunks to the client.Client starts connections with the server and get the appropriate chunks to save to their own file path, they will also get some information about the initial file such as chunk size, total chunks. When all clients get their own chunks, they will start connection with their neighbors, and then start the download and upload threads to communicate with their neighbors. When they find they have get total chunks, clients will stop download thread and merge the chunks into initial file.